Release/v5.6.7: Changelog (#1281)
gravwell/wiki: changelog/5.6.7.md

# Changelog for version 5.6.7

## Released 21 November 2024

## Gravwell

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue where data could be ingested into a negative timestamp.
* Fixed an issue where a "ShardID not found" error message was improperly logged.
* Fixed an issue with a bounds check that could occur when decoding entries.
* Fixed an issue with empty blocks being written to file shards.

> * Fixed an issue with json concurrent map read/write race.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue with ingester status updates between the webserver and indexers.
```
